How are experienced candidates assessed differently?
They will be expected to give more in-depth and impressive responses to questions as well as more emphasis on system design

How are SDET candidates assessed differently?
They will be expected to know how to code and how to test things extensively as well as more emphasis on communication

How are PM candidates assessed differently?
They will be expected to handle ambiguit, have a customer-focused attitude, leadership skills, and multi-level communication skills

How are Dev Lead and Manager candidates assessed differently?
They are assesed on Leadership, Prioritization, Communication and ability to get things done

How do startups hire differently?
They prioritize referrals, are less able to sponsor work visas and prefer hires that are able to hit the ground running

How do acquihires work?
If a startup is in talks of getting acquired by a bigger company and the talks are serious, now each employee of a startup suddenly needs to be interviewed by this bigger company

What difficulty of questions are good to ask when interviewing candidates?
Medium and Hard Problems

What are "scary" questions to avoid asking when interviewing candidates?
Math, probability, low-level, system design, properietary systems

What are some communication tips for when interviewing candidates?
Coach your candidate a bit, offer positive reinforcement, probe behavioural quesitons for what they did, and ask questions that have multiple hurdles and that don't expect obscure knowledge

What are sanity check questions?
Questions that assess a minimum degree of competence in problem-solving, useful for filter out bad candidates

What are quality check questions?
More challenging questions, when algorithmic / problem solving skills are important

What are specialist questions?
Specific topic questions like Java, use to check for true specialists in their respective topics.

What are proxy knowledge questions?
They are knowledge not quite for specialists, but you would expect a candidate to know if they are absorbing core information to their job